normative language inconsistency (#443)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/trust.rst

Entity Configuration Leaves and Intermediates
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In addition to the previously defined claims, the Entity Configuration of the Leaf and of the Intermediate Entities, MAY contain the parameters listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the previously defined claims, the Entity Configuration of the Leaves and of the Intermediate Entities use the following parameters:
```
